Add some pointers to the Vale readme file from the CONTRIBUTING file (#1903)
aiven/devportal: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    Remember we review your pull request against these guidelines, so for fewer rounds of revisions, follow this advice!

> Where possible, these rules are checked automatically using Vale.  For more information on how this is setup, see the `Vale readme file <.github/vale/README.rst>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where possible, these rules are checked automatically using Vale.  For more information on how this is set up, see the `Vale readme file <.github/vale/README.rst>`_.
```

 - only the first letter, and the proper noun for the product name, are capitalized

> The automated check for this can get confused by proper nouns; for information on how to fix this case-by-case, see the `Vale readme file <.github/vale/README.rst>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may get errors from the automated checks when using proper nouns. In these cases, you might need to add the words as an exception or add them to the dictionary file. For information on how to do this, see the `Vale readme file <.github/vale/README.rst>`_.
```
